[Music]
how to train your child to use a potty
in three days
all parents take delight in watching
their kids grow some of the stages are
more complicated than others including
when our children make the transition
from diapers to using a potty
however here's a great technique that
works 100% of the time watch the video
till the end to reveal the secret of
this simple method the Phelim technique
involves having your child go naked from
the waist down at home and wearing loose
pants with nothing underneath in public
however your child still needs to wear
diapers at night to make this method
work you need to follow some basic rules
one set out several parties ideally you
should place one in each room of your
home to always have diapers and several
pairs of pants available just in case of
accidents 3 if you live in a place where
it's cold make sure to turn up the
heating and put socks on your child's
feet during this time first day 1 no
clothes let your child go naked from the
waist down for the whole day and always
keep an eye on him or her when nature is
calling them take them to the nearest
potty too more fluid allow your child to
eat salty snacks or foods with a high
water content and make sure they drink
lots of fluids so they have to pee often
3 train by example when you or your
partner have to use the bathroom take
your child with you demonstrate to them
all the different steps that adults do
children can learn things very quickly
by example celebrate with your little
one every time they manage to use the
potty correctly once your child has done
this correctly 10 to 12 times he or she
begins to be able to use it
independently
what to do if your kids fail don't worry
if your child doesn't manage to use the
potty do not scold them or behave in any
way that could make them feel ashamed
instead simply say to them the pee or
poop goes in the potty before naps and
bedtime tell your child that it is time
to use the potty
avoid asking him that they want to just
tell them to do it put a diaper on them
just before falling asleep to avoid
minor accidents second day one take your
kid out stick to the method used on the
first day however on the second day you
should also take them out of the house
for an hour in the afternoon wait for
your child to pee in the potty and then
go out straight after it helps them to
learn to go to the toilet voluntarily -
no wonder where or diapers when you
leave the house have your child wear
loose pants with nothing underneath
do not wear diapers or regular underwear
your goal is to go out and get back to
the house without having an accident and
without having to use the potty when
they are outside three stay close to
your house don't go far away on the
second day simply take a walk around the
neighborhood also take a portable potty
with you just in case
third day take your kid out twice stick
to the instructions you followed on the
first day but now you should also take
your child out of the house twice an
hour in the morning and an hour in the
afternoon each time invite your child to
use the potty before you go out - no
underneath again when you go out your
child should wear loose pants with no
underwear take a portable potty and a
change of clothes just in case things
don't go well 3 keep calm if you don't
get good results don't worry wait for 6
to 8 weeks to try again and keep in mind
that this technique requires patience
time and a lot of support have you
already tried this method with your kid
how did it work for them share your
experience in the comments below don't
forget to hit the like button below
and click subscribe to stay on the
bright side of life
[Music]